---
title: First week log 
date: 2024-10-15
layout: post
categories: [blog, example]
tags: [Jekyll, GitHub Pages]
---

# Week 01: Just a log for the previous week

A lot have happened in the previous week. I suppose the most problesom is that I almost didn't make it (I almost quit at the starting line - again). But I'm doing this. Really.

This is a list of things that influenced me (recently - as opposed to this week)

## 1. My best friend's job interview

My BF went out and had her first job interview for a DS intern role. There was much (not too much) stress at first, but she got out great. She was all excited for the job and the people was nice and she liked the workplace too. She got me excited too (even though I **think** I can't get work this semester - I'm still not ready). I hope she'll get the job.

Going to interview seems like a good deal. Having people questioning you and all. I'm sure I gonna learn alot about my shortcomings doing that (sounds like a good ideas and relatively do-able. I might give it a go). But It also makes me realize a certain flaws in my **semester of study** is that I haven't consider the ying-yang. I though I should focus on just learning and leave the testing/practice to later but they should be inverleaving - just like the ying-yang. 

I am very afraid of not being good enough for a DS position though... 2 resons to go out: 1. I would have a more nuance view of DS jobs - which mean I will **see** it better -> less fear. And 2. I would be leaving my comfort zone.

Which reminds me, I should be leaving it more. Like once a week sounds good.

## 2. Mind object manipulation

Not the best naming sense. So mind object is like the things that only exist in your mind - like 'sadness' or 'joy'. I have known that there are people (Anna Akana) that uses object to project their 'mind object' onto to control the things in their minds. I thought it was weird (which I liked) but never done because... it's ridiculous, but this week I watched Wheezy Waiter day with John Green and hey - turn out John does it too. Seems like 2 people doing that is enough for me to try - and I did my first time by placing by anxiety in objects and placing them out side (in the balcony) at 12:30 AM (PM?) because I couldn't sleep. And it worked.

This is a very interesting discovery. I tried it multiple times after that, and sometimes it doesn't work all the way, but it helps like 80%.

So... I'm gonna get a necklace next week. :> 

## 3. Comic and DS

I have realized I can comic-ize my process in reading CI papers into comics. It's still in early days (and I have to stop expecting a masterpiece to start + it's not done) but I think it's great. It's gonna be great. For now it's going to be shit but it might be interesting and it might help some people who are new to CI - because it was very confusing for me when I start too.

I still have problem balancing information and entertainment but because I'm too leaned on information, this might be a good application for that kind of comics. 

Just don't be afraid to put yourself (TN next week) out there. It'll be shit (and I'm sure no one is going to read your post) but it will be find. It means you're running toward your goal. That's the point. 

--- 

That are the stuff that are on my mind (for now). This week is looking like a busy one (with all the meeting and stuffs) but I think I can focus better after learning the mind trick. Reading paper is still a pain though. 

Oh one more important thing: New rule! The rule of 3 revision. After 3 turn, I should judge if the system is doing well and what frictions are there to improve. I'm not very sesitive to friction (I notice them but don't weight them high even though they can be a big instead of a small problem) - so writing things out and actually interatively improves upon my systems is going to be a good thing!

Don't have to be too harsh when implement. Remember, you start out being shitty at something, then you'll become sort of good at something. Also don't be afraid of being evaluated. It'll be shitty, and that'll okay.	
