---
title: Week 05 
date: 2024-11-05
layout: post
categories: [blog, example]
tags: [Jekyll, GitHub Pages]
---

# Week 05 log

## 01. Strength and weakness

I did find one of each. 

Weakness: I'm leading a team this year too in Deep Learning, and I finally realize I suck at it. But let break it down a bit - why I suck. Current hypothesis is that I lack the 'dictator-ship' (How to have this anyway?) over people - which is true. Most of the time I just want to listen to others, and saying too much is very draining for me. Another is that I don't have a clear image of what I want to do with this project - which is true, but to be fair I do think I don't care enough about project too. (Same old story - I want to quit/this to end so bad)

(But to be honnest I think I don't have to dwell on this too much. I kinda realize... I don't have to force myself to be very good at this and be pragmatic or anything. But moving forward, I will plan ahead to set expectation or thing to do before any meeting)

Strength: Somehow, I do well in one-on-one conversation. 
(But I also realize it's very draining for me.)

They are two sides of the same coin. Alright.

## 02. Focus

I'm re-thinking where my focus lies - and what I value. 

What I'm trying to focus on right now:
- Hello VN
- Data Science (rebuild)
- Trying to not think to much (or too hard)

What I value:
- I'm trying to understand how to "sell" Hello VN to other people - how do I make people understand the value of this project? And what value do I see from Hello Vietnam? 
... Looking at it from the perspective of a business man isn't it - it's not a startup or anything anyway - because there is no apparent demands for such a product. Culturally, I think it does have value and people will see it - but... I guess I'm worried that people won't see what I see in my work. Which will be the case. 100%. 

Thinking about it lightly, I wants some people out there to likes and think it was helpful. I know there are works like this - especially in education (too) - and how those things create more long term values than the current system and how it value anything - which is low-key disgusting.

## 3. Overloading

I feel like I get resting more now. I've been overloading my brain since Saturday - so like 4 days in a rows. Now I know that having no energy is kinda feel like dying (funny story~) but yeah try not to go back again. It's... I don't know. I don't know how to solve this problem when/or if it gets out of hand, but don't do anything consequential before you're stronger. You know, the song. 

Ultimately I believe we're be okay  

It's so cliche to say these things  

But repetition is the key  

I think I'm better when I'm with you

But I'm worried when you're gone

I think I need to learn to love myself

I must learn to be strong

So for now we'll say goodbye

Although it pains me in my heart

Your words they come to me in memories

They sings to me like songs

It won't be long until I'm here

Soon I'll make my arrival under shady trees

and quiet streets 

the roads that I've traveled



I probably messed up the lyrics but yeah... such a mood. It's a good song though. 
Haiz

## MISC

- Starting work tomorrow. Tells me how it goes future me.
- Right now it feels less stressful than last year, although I still want to quit like 2/3 courses that I've signed up for. Will I do anything about it.........

Well, good luck. Don't freak out too much. Take care of your body. You get scared easily but I think you're brave too, so, ... go on.
(I fucking hate faith why do I have to test it way to much urggggg. Nothing to nail into)
