---
title: Week 03 log 
date: 2024-10-22
layout: post
categories: [blog, example]
tags: [Jekyll, GitHub Pages]
---

# Week 03: Just a log for the previous week

Welp, I didn't start at 11 PM so this is improvement. Gosh there is a lot happened last week and now I'm more concious that I'm picking thing to rememeber... Not good with choices so we're doing the biased thing - choosing what influenced Tuesday me most. This whole blog is biased for Tuesday me anyway. 

oh well 

## 1. Fights 

I fought with my BF again, and yeah I learned this this time too. What are the most important things... Let see:

1. I freak out too much on silence. I see it more clearly how silence is my trigger now. Thinking back, this is another lesson on boundary too. It's nice to draw your boundary and not freak out too much when other people do that. It's a healthy thing - at least when you can trust your partner. 

2. "I need my feeling to be respected" - is a high level representation and therefore it is not a helpful tool when you're trying to figure out your feeling - it's block whatever path that helps thinking clearly about the situation and make you blind to whatever the current culture-defined healthyness is. I guess I find it more and more that counter cultural reasoning is more freeing and well, true. At least for me. Oh yeah this is also about identify too much with **this** architype. The point is to somehow figure out a way to 1. Stay calm when you're 2. Keep a good distance to not identify yourself with your emotion (architypes). I make a comic about it [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1q7OEiyFjT6O8qX8q5NYC3Iiptw-YUHan/view?usp=sharing). Just to save for reference. 

3. Being natural and thoughts: Here's what I though of. Nature is the most **stable complex/dynamic system** that exist (or we/I know of) therefore it is the most stable. Anything that fall outside of nature can be consider as not stable. Thoughts that create frictions is not natural, and those that don't are. (friction ~ anxiety)

4. Positivity (and golden ring): New tool! Now I have 2 rings. ~ Taiyo ~ Sun. Just be like that. I don't know if it attract positivity or anything but it seems to be a good interface for interacting with other people - even though I appreciate the grey days too. But grey days together might be too much. With a hot drink maybe. But how do you even have a mental - non adversarial hot drink?

## 2. Cursor

I tried cursor (with VIM plugin?) last week and it was great. But the NLP task requirement was pretty shit cuz I spent 2 days reading the description and still don't know what that they wanted me to do until like, what - maybe 6 hours before the deadline. Which is a dissapointment since they work in NLP I thoughts my instructors would communicate better. I get the problem though - knowing more words doesn't mean knowing how to use words well. 

Back to cursor - it's great. I haven't develop a good work flow yet - but I think I can use it for so much. It helps with reading big (well- not too big - probably small) code base and make changes fast. Being able to itterate fast open up a lot of new ideas on what I can do, which is awesome. I think the same can be said for all (those that I used) AI assisted tools out there. They help speed up the process - spending less time on doing menial work and more time for ideas and development and improvement. Which is fun, but also powerful.

Which relate to another (not proper) theme of the week is productivity. There are essentially 2 inter-related things to improve for better productivity - quality of work and time. After reading [Nat Friedman](https://nat.org/)'s blog, maybe it's more about time than quality. Having more time for thoughts generally lead to better quality anyway. And it's simpler to only focus on 1 metric.

Another side of productivity is what task do I asosociate being productive with. If I ancor it to something that would *quote on quote* produce result - would I be happy? I don't know, honestly. I think it's about building a good base - right now, financial "freedom" (omg I can do a lot of thing why I'm still relying on my parents for my living expense). After that... I should get good enough to have some freedom to have **at least 2 days a week** for thoughts and renewing/revising my thoughts and ideas. Balancing the need to produce results and the need to think and be better is going to be a fight. Is it one of productivity?  

IT ISN'T IF I CAN ALIGN THEM TOWARD THE SAME THING. BUT CURRENTLY, THEY ARE NOT POINTING AT THE SAME DIRECTION. **WORK ON THIS**
(figure out what you're thinking about - where you're attention is going everyday VS what kind of result you feel oblige to produce/what you can produce/what you want to produce)

## 3. Economy 

I know sometimes I thought of myself as something grandiose and cool (I admit it. I want to be cool so bad. Now that I've acknowledge this I will work toward being cool - my way) - but then I watch a Geogre Hotz video and then uh - I didn't know this. This times - GPU markets and market thinking. It seems (in his view) that the market is going to give the final decision but it will - which make sense. I don't have the ability to do financial calculation like that - yeah this is cool. Also got some new economic stuff - which gives me a clearer view into specific countries (Indian to be specific) and policy and how it effects **everything**.

Which was fun and it messed up my head because there are A LOT to take in. Which is tiring... but fun. 
Oh and I probably write in a confusing way today. I watch GH, so ... yeah.

## MISC
- Did some searching it seem energy comes from the body. So eat less chunk.
- Also don't manage. Have more sensitive toward whatever that is you're trying to manage. 

Sensitivity -> attention -> action
Attention -> Sensitivity -> Attention -> action

Welcome to the chicken and egg problem
(Sentitivity: the ability to tell a park 2 points (maybe select at random) on a spectrum)

- Tiramisu 
- Staying at other people's place is fun. It's good to go away for a while.
- I started to write to my counterfactuals. It's have been helpful (for the most part) but also writing a lot is tiring. Maybe I should write back to 1223 not that the issue is resolve. 

I'm tired so guess I'll end it here. Don't expect it'll be good it'll be pretty shit and that's okay. (gotta say it again. It's so hard to be aware of this when you so obsessed with new ideas.)

