---
title: Week 04 log 
date: 2024-10-29
layout: post
categories: [blog, example]
tags: [Jekyll, GitHub Pages]
---

# Week 04: Asking more questions

## 1. What to choose to do **right now**

I guess I have been struggling with this question for a long time, but this time I think I really get it. There are 1 requirement for things which I choose to do: I have to do it good. Like Hank Green 80% good (done and good). That's is the only thing to consider. 

Just 1 question: Can I do it good? If yes, then do it. If not, then don't do it. 

... Just a reflection, what task do I have to do this week... Reading my paper, reading another paper for Deep Learning seminar, reading another paper for Graph Mining seminar... I suppose don't think of what to do. But at the momment, whatever you choose to do, make it **good**. 

## 2. What I want to do

I gonna start doing things that I want to do from now. Damn it's hard to do but I gonna do it. Last week, I didn't do graph mining notebook 01 because I want to prioritize doing my own project. I still feel guilty for not doing that (will do it later even though the deadline passed) but that's what I want to do. There are things that are important to me, and I will do it. I will listen to my self.

Last year I did 5 subject - then 4 - then 3 (this semester). Still feel under water as hell. Now that I think of it, maybe the thing about school is that it trying to control my pace - like I can't go as slow as I want - or as fast as I want. I don't know I think I gonna need to spend more time on this. (How to criticise school because it feels like there is no way out)

## 3. Productivity

Goal for the week: Work on adjusting uLogMe. Already got the blue print. Don't think it's gonna take a lot of time, but I'm not sure either. Looking a head, I think there are things I gonna have to give up on for this. And... sure alright. 

Like Elon said, you gotta choose. Just gotta choose. 
I'm scared, but it's better to be proactive and die tested the hypothesis than not.

## MISC
- I think everyone gonna look down on me but I think I'll try to get a service job. I can't bare mom's eye anymore.
- Got my first (semi-romantic?) confession this week? The reaction was one of a kind (it's funny as hell). Long story short, nothing happened really. 

You'll get used to it. Well, after that maybe you'll realize it's not that good, or bad. Hopefully bad.