---
title: Week 06
date: 2024-11-14
layout: post
categories: [blog, example]
tags: [Jekyll, GitHub Pages]
---

# Week 06

## 1. Nutrition

I think I've been eating not so well these day. Well.. My sleep again is out of wack but still seems managable. And hey no stress about that anymore if I can't sleep I'll just wack myself with a non-spick pan until I pass out... (Sorry it could have been funnier... but anyway) I think I'll make myself a proper meal today. With plenty of ingredients, hopefully.

One thing that is remarkable about this is that I actually notices that I'm not doing well with my nutrition and recognize the signals from my body as such. I wouldn't have been able to do that just 3 months ago. Progress! 

## 2. Writing

I've been writing again. This time... it feels like I like the work better. I can iterate and comes back to it without it hurting my eyes. I might be able to finish this work! Yes!

I guess when I just leave the work as it it's flow by it self. Before I thought I should plan things out carefully for it to make sense but it doesn't work that way. Each time I sit down and draw I find new aspects to improve. I thoughts about possible endings on my runs but I didn't end up actually going those route. I think it's still good, but I don't have to be obligated to them.

## 3. Solve it course - Urg regret

Leaving the best for last. 
So last week, Jeremy announce this course Solve it for programming with AI. Of course to me the point is not the 'AI' part, the point is that it will make my dream of programming like Karpathy or GeoHot comes true. It was like, god sent.

But you already know the ending. We hesitated because it cost 200$ (which yes the regrets comes from the place that I could have bought my dream with 200$ - which I can somehow manage) and the seats sold out.

I'm not sure how to makes of this without sounding like *super coping* (which I guess I am). My plan for now is use these feelings for fuel to learn to program better slowly - because there are other aspects to improve and practice too AND make sure I have the money to manage when version 2 of the course comes out. (Which 100% will be more expensive - I wonder if drawing comics will get me to 1000$ for this thing)

Still, (*very coping*) a valuable lesson.

## MISC
- Ah last week we thought we were going to work. Welp, the plan's off cuz I can' schedule school with that job. Oh well.
- I have a talk with mom and I think I can start believing that she's not dissapointed about me. YAY
- I tried Pomodoro and it's great! I failed at installing on my computer but I should try it again.
- Delete Delete Delete!!!
- New link! Visualization -> The ability to reason ~ World model -> Being able to ask and answer questions. IT's great! + Also, visualization is an effective time saving, friction reducing tool. I see a lot more values in visualization just the last week! Very nice
